yes I'm Ivan lavanya and I'm from a
small town in Sweden called the burrows
so Ivan what's the secret to your
success in getting to this event secret
is to play hard games just face hard
opponents and you will play better like
you always learn from a strong player
and then you slap up small things and
you create your own style of play what's
your go-to team in strategy I use of
course real madrid what else they are
never complete team like our parts from
from goalkeeper to attacker everyone's
very strong what's it like competing in
this sports arena yeah it's a big yeah
it's hello how to put it but it's over
whelming yeah
with the competition vs online compared
to here well online the game is a bit
faster and sometimes some opponents got
the delay and therefore you could lose
two uplands online but when it's offline
it's a I think it's less random what are
your thoughts on how eSports and the
ability to play games for real money is
having impact on the world today well
virgin gaming is a really good site the
picked up a lot of players and all of
the best players is there so that place
creates a strong community you know
because all the best players they know
it they know each other yeah
what's the advice you would give to
gamers that want to be as good as you
and FIFA some advice well just practice
play play hard games like if you want to
become really good you can't face like
your your body that's not so good and
and the wind 6 nil you need them hard
things like some really hard opponents
and from there you will play better and
what do you plan to do with your money
you going to New Zealand Disneyland I
don't know well it's 104,000 geez so I
can do a lot of things like I could do
anything I can buy me a heart melt a car
anything but today I'm just gonna relax
and let it you know in because I still
can't believe me this is it's amazing if
you could change one thing in the next
fifa fifa 14 what would it be well one
of the worst things in the fifa 13 is
that the made the penalty is you know
that sometimes the referee gives a very
very cheap penalty and that can change
the game and and i feel i think that is
stupid that such random locations can
you know change the game so penalties
reference need to get to better